ClimateWins is a European nonprofit organization interested in using machine learning to help predict the consequences of climate change around Europe and, potentially, the world. It’s been sorting through hurricane predictions from The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) in the U.S., typhoon data from The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) in Japan, world temperatures, and a great deal of other data. However, it’s hard to grasp how everything is changing in the world at once. This is where machine learning comes in! 

The data set is based on weather observations from 18 different weather stations across Europe, which contain data ranging from the late 1800s to 2022. Recordings exist for almost every day with values such as temperature, wind speed, snow, global radiation, and more. This data is collected by the European Climate Assessment & Data Set project.

The porject is divided into two parts: Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning. 
Supervised further divided into: 01 Optimization and Gradient Descent/ 02 Supervised Machine Learning part 1/ 03 Supervised Machine Learning part 2
Unsupervised divided into: 01 Unsupervised Learning Algorithms/ 02 Complex Machine Learning Models and Keras/ 03 Complex Machine Learning Models/ 04 Evaluating Hyperparameters/ 05 Visual Applications of Machine Learning
Datasets were not uploaded due to size but they can be accessed through the [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/197yVKjWoNJ10nQYDYGxjeMUVZfMjO5rP/view?usp=sharing), and [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DotqTxO2ewQQq72jquZyBBsBswPjSr8e/view?usp=sharing).
In Unsupervised 03 Machine Learning the notebook was too large to be uploaded but can be accessed here [link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1C9LJLZfPhHOfoxiJJGrwpidj7vt6NR3c/view?usp=sharing)
